---
title: I love kanye
author: acro
date: 2025-10-01 12:37:30 -0600
categories: [English,Blog]
tags: []
---


A day ago, or so, watched a video about Kanye.
I have watched a handful of these analyses, rankings, story explaining, how he came to be who he is, how his life resolved into what we know it.
But yesterdays had a particular point that left me thinking, made me give it a second thought.

See, this guy over the years, in his discourse, in his work and music has progressively been getting unfiltered, for many reasons it has come to the point that it no longer can be taken seriously. even though he has a large platform where his dumb thinking is largely spread, misunderstood and wrongfully by weak or unprepared people taken seriously.
That man is crazy, has no serious education on most political subjects where he has the audacity to give his opinion. BUT HE MADE GRADUATION THO.

YEs, he did graduation, college dropout, and late registration. That is ironic given the fact that those are a couple of the best productions on the rap as a genre, also good conscious rap, and a really great fucking example of topnotch production to this day.
That mf back in the 00's did room for himself in the history of music, even his unreleased work that has been filtered through the years and the work where he produced are FUCKIN' GREAT. GOD DAMN THAT MF DID KNEW HOW TO MAKE MUSIC.

I think how, with the passage of time, life events and his mental deterior started to show increasingly. Most times I think of those characters in the public eye for their talent, that they are insane in ways that enhance or at least show more their genius inventive mind. This guy really got encouraged to show off his madness and gave up on it. Even from his first albums he says wild stuff that I at first interpreted as a bold joke or remark that went atone with the theme of the album or track that it was in.

OH BOY I WAS WRONG. I mean prolly they were that at first, but with time everything encouraged him to keep being unhinged, to go even bolder, "don't worry about thinking twice, and just say" or sum like that.
Went from saying provocative stuff to deter on women, braggin about luxury, obscene, sexual and pornographic descriptions of his life, hate discourse, fascism post racist, weird trauma dumping, esoteric shit, got a phase of Christianity that also went south. What I mean is that this guy went from crazy genius to pragmatic madman with a microphone in his mouth.  

To me, he's just a broken man, as many of man that I’ve had the pleasure to meet. It’s a dude yearning his mom death to this day, and that's sad. I like his music up until Jesus is King, where imo was the last project that had some of his talent shown with some sense in it. Now I don’t pay attention on the shit that he talks 'cause he don't know shit on any of it (it's like hearing a uncle talk about politics, morals or religion, just repeating 3 things that to him made sense but has no clue on how they connect) and I get bummed when he shows the grotesque misery that he has put himself into. 
He is Kanye West and Ye, he did graduation, lost his mom, interrupted Taylor, got on a power trip, made a family, couldn't manage it and piece by piece destroyed it, what? Everything.

Still, despite he’s nuts, has made a way into me through his work that it's unique. The mf has a wicked way of saying things that are so insane to take seriously that make me have a giggle when I hear em.
Had a way, a fixation (in my perspective) with the human voice, working it, using it as an instrument in very innovative ways, now the sounds, methods, tech that he experimented with are a normal way of making music, and that speaks for itself on his vision and the effectiveness that had to make it a real cohesive thing in the popular scene that ended up making distinction on music production.
And finally, his confidence has given him an ability to show off how broken a man can become without fear of being judged, if you ask me even in petty of the self-awareness that everyone is judging him.


I like him because of how fearless he is of showing himself, at cost of anything.

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3s7MCdXyWmwjdcWh7GWXas?utm_source=generator" width="80%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

and I love him for how uninhibited and overly confident he is knowing what I just said.

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/5CGS4UovzA7ftCJkLVXQju?utm_source=generator" width="80%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

mi loquito de plaza favorito...
